Dear Reza,
In continuation of the conversations that we had with you, we have the pleasure of making the following offer to
you. We have agreed that as of 01-01-2025 you will start in the position of Dev Ops Engineer for the department
RNT DP Platform at Rabobank in Utrecht Croeselaan 18. In this role, your manager will be Jochem Siegel.
Below you will find an overview of the conditions we are providing you with for this position.
Contract type
Your contract will be for an indefinite period of time.
Probationary period
A probationary period of 2 months will apply. As long as the probationary period has not expired, either party can
terminate the employment contract at any time.
Working hours
The weekly working hours are on average 40.You determine the working hours in agreement with your manager.
These working hours can be changed based on business interests. Different working hours may also apply if
another position within Rabobank is accepted.
Grading and salary
In this position, you will be scaled in salary scale 09. The corresponding salary is € 5.938,83 gross per month,
based on 40 hours.
In addition to the gross monthly salary, you will receive a holiday allowance of 8% of € 5.701,27 gross per year
based on this salary, and a thirteenth month payment of €5.938,83 gross per year based on this salary. At the
end of the year, you can choose whether to receive the holiday allowance and thirteenth month payment in
twelve equal parts per month or once a year in May and December, respectively.
In total, your annual salary is € 82.906,05 gross per year based on 40 hours. This calculation is based on your
monthly salary including holiday allowance and 13th month. Next to this you will receive an Employee Benefit
Budget of 10%*.
*The EBB is a per centage of the monthly income and can be spent as desir ed (see further explanation in the
Collectiv e Labour Agr eement).
Commuting expense
On your first day of work, you can choose between an NS business card or a net allowance for commuting
expenses. The amount of the allowance is determined based on the length of a one-way trip, along the most
common route. The maximum travel distance (one way) eligible for reimbursement is 40 km. The allowance is
paid on a monthly basis. Employees who travel to work less than 5 days a week will receive the allowance pro
rata.
Or you can opt-in for full reimbursement of the cost of public transport 2nd class in the form of an NS Business
Card.
Page 1/3 Coöperatieve Rabobank UA | Visiting Address Croeselaan 18 Utrecht
Home-working payment
For the days you work from home, you will receive a monthly net home-working allowance of €40, based on an
average of 5 home-working days per week. The allowance is prorated for the average number of working days
per week worked from home.
You will also receive an internet allowance of € 40 net per month, for working hours of 36 hours or more. For
lower working hours, the allowance is prorated.
Pension
You become a member of the pension plan in accordance with the relevant regulations of the Rabobank Pension
Fund. The pension plan is an available contribution scheme. The costs of the pension plan are covered by the
employer and the employee.
The employer finances a savings premium of 21.5% of the pension base, with an employee contribution of 5.5%
added to that.
At the end of the year you can choose whether you want to change 5.5% to 3.5%, your gross income increases
with this but of course your expected pension result then becomes lower ('money now instead of money later').
In addition, a fiscally optimal survivor's pension is insured and a disability pension of 80% of your salary.
Under the applicable tax rules, you build up a pension based on your pension base. Your pension base is your
gross (annual) pensionable income up to a maximum of € 137.800,- (2024) minus a state pension offset, as set
out in the pension scheme regulations. Employees with gross annual pensionable income above €
137.800,- receive a gross annual payment (personal budget) of 24% of the pensionable annual income in excess
of the statutory maximum. The personal budget is adjusted on pro-rata basis for a part-time employment
contract.
You can find more information about the pension scheme in this link.
30%-Ruling
If you qualify for the 30% tax ruling, as referred to article 31a(8) of the Dutch Wage Tax Act 1964, Rabobank will
apply for this ruling on your behalf. However, if Rabobank or Rabobank’s external tax provider is of the opinion
that you do not qualify for the ruling, an application for the ruling will not be submitted to the Dutch tax
authorities. In this respect, please note that the 30% tax ruling can only be applied by joint application between
both employee and Rabobank.
If this rule is granted your remuneration during your Dutch employment is deemed to include – for Dutch wage
tax and social security purposes – an expense allowance, amounting to a maximum of 30% of your salary for
wage tax purposes, for the costs relating to your stay in The Netherlands. If the 30% ruling is not granted by the
Dutch Tax Office, Rabobank cannot be held responsible for compensating your loss in income/financial
loss/consequences.
Bankers’ Oath
Dutch banks consider as important that everyone working in the Dutch banking sector performs their job with
integrity and care. That is why Rabobank also undertakes that all employees of the bank take the banking oath
and are therefore bound by disciplinary law.
The obligation to take the oath is set out in the Rabobank Collective Labor Agreement. In the Banking Oath,
employees declare, among other things, that they are aware of their social role and that they put the customer's
interests first in their work. You must take the oath within three months after starting your employment. More
information about this will follow through your manager.
Page 2/3 Coöperatieve Rabobank UA | Visiting Address Croeselaan 18 Utrecht
Other conditions of employment
The other terms of employment and regulations, such as holiday days, GROW! And Rabo @ Anywhere, of the
Rabobank CLA will apply in full. You can find the CLA in the attachment of this offer letter in candidate home.
Screening and outside activities
Your employment will take place under the condition that the yet-to-be-executed assessment of additional
activities, reference check and screening procedure give no reason to doubt your reliability and expertise.
As part of this screening procedure, our personnel administration will request copies of your diplomas. We will
inform you in writing as soon as possible, once the screening procedure has been completed, whether the
condition precedent has been met. In case of a delay in the screening process, which is relevant for the
successful completion of the screening, the start date may be postponed. This also applies in the case of late
termination with your current employer.
During your interview, your outside activities must be discussed and it has to be verified that they do not involve
any risk of conflict of interest. Approval of these activities is a condition for starting at Rabobank. If you have not
been complete and it later transpires that Rabobank was unable (as a result) to verify that it had an objective
justification for prohibiting the outside activities, Rabobank reserves the right to terminate the employment
contract on the grounds of lack of will.
Offer acceptance
We hope we have provided you with sufficient information on the terms of your offer. Please note that this offer
will expire if we have not received notice of acceptance in your Candidate Home Account or Workday Account
after five working days from the date (see date title document) of this letter. What is provided in this offer letter
is leading for the information we include in your employment contract. After your acceptance, this offer letter will
be replaced by an employment contract, which is binding and leading from that moment on.
Should you have any questions and/or require further information, please contact me at +31 (6) 41063241 or
Ashley.Lumbantobing@rabobank.nl.
Kind regards,
Ashley Lumbantobing
IT Recruiter
On behalf of Jochem Siegel
Tech lead
Page 3/3 Coöperatieve Rabobank UA | Visiting Address Croeselaan 18 Utrecht